Add `DELETE /storage/user-bucket` endpoint (#66)
uc-cdis/gen3-workflow: docs/authorization.md

  - Users are automatically granted access to `/users/<user ID>/gen3-workflow/tasks` so they can view their own tasks.
  - Admin access (the ability to see _all_ users’ tasks instead of just your own) can be granted to a user by granting them access to the parent resource `/services/workflow/gen3-workflow/tasks`.
  - This supports sharing tasks with others; for example, "user1" may share "taskA" with "user2" if the system grants "user2" access to `/users/user1/gen3-workflow/tasks/taskA`.

> - To delete their own S3 bucket along with all its objects, a user needs `delete` access to the resource `/services/workflow/user-bucket` on the `gen3-workflow` service -- a special privilege not intended for common users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To delete their own S3 bucket along with all its objects, a user needs `delete` access to the resource `/services/workflow/user-bucket` on the `gen3-workflow` service -- a special privilege useful for automated testing but not intended for the average user.
```

    - gen3_workflow_reader
    resource_paths:
    - /services/workflow/gen3-workflow/tasks
  - id: workflow_storage_deleter

>     description: Allows delete access to users own S3 bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Allows delete access to the user's own S3 bucket
```

    role_ids:
    - workflow_storage_deleter
    resource_paths:

>     - '/services/workflow/gen3-workflow'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - /services/workflow/gen3-workflow
```
just to match the format - super nitpicky, sorry
